Expose isAuthorized and validator to cedar-wasm (#657)
cedar-policy/cedar: cedar-wasm/CHANGELOG.md

- Exposed cedar-wasm functionality for policies and templates: `check_parse_policy_set`,
  `policy_text_to_json`, and `policy_text_from_json`. (#616)

> - Exposed cedar-wasm functionality isAuthorized and validation: `validate_semantics`,
>   `wasm_is_authorized`. (#657)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exposed cedar-wasm functionality for authorization and validation: `wasm_is_authorized`
  and `wasm_validate`. (#657)
```
